Arvis Peralta

* As a competitor, I want to be notified about competitions in my area, so that I can attend or register to competitions in time.

* As a Rubik's cube fanatic, I want to be able to easily purchase a ticket, so that I can attend events with ease.

* As a competition organizer I want to be able to block users, so that these users aren't able to compete or attend my event.

* As a competition organizer, I want to be able to add collaborators to my event, so that they can also send out reminders and notifications regarding the event.

* As an admin, I want to be able to ban the users from using the system, so that I can remove anyone abusing our system or breaking our terms of use.

* As a user, I want to be able to donate money to any event, so that I can support the community of Rubik's enthusiasts.

* As a volunteer, I want to be able to easily register for a competition, so that I can easily be assigned a role to help competition organizers.

* As a competition organizer, I want to be able to easily assign roles to volunteers, so that I can pick and choose who I want helping me with my competition.

* As a vendor, I want to receive exposure in the competition's location and website, so that I can make a profit from these competitions.

* As an admin, I want to be able to review competition organizer applications, so that I can determine how fit an organizer is, and regulate who can profit from the site.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Lenny Gonzalez

1. As a regional delegate of the World Cube Association (WCA) I want to be able to see a
schedule of approved competitions in my region so that there are no overlaps in
competitions.

2. As a Rubik’s cube fanatic I want to apply to become a delegate for the WCA Candidate
Delegate so I can supervise competitions in my region.
  a. Context there are 3 types of delegates
    i. WCA Senior Delegate is responsible for managing the Delegates in their
       area and can also be contacted by the community for regional matters.
    ii. WCA Delegates are members of the WCA who are responsible for making
        sure that all WCA competitions are run according to the mission,
        regulations and spirit of the WCA.
    iii. New Delegates are at first listed as WCA Candidate Delegates and need to
         show that they are capable of managing competitions successfully before
         being listed as WCA Delegates.
3. As a competition organizer I want to use the website to contact my Senior Delegate so
that I know if my competition request has been approved.

4. As a user I want to be able to livestream competitions, so that I can watch possible record
breaking events.

5. As a user I want to use the website to buy WCA approved rubik cubes so that I can
practice at home.

6. As a Senior Delegate I want to connect with other Senior delegates around the world so
that we can organize a worldwide competition.

7. As a user I want to be able to sign into this website using my WCA account so that I
don’t have to create a new account.

8. As a user I want to be able to see my results from competitions I have attended so that I
can keep track of my awards and solving time.

9. As an admin, I want to actively search for companies that would be interested in
sponsoring so that less money is spent for each competition.

10. As a Senior delegate I want to have a list of delegates available in my region and their
availability so that I can properly assign them to competitions.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Aanchal Saini

1. As a competitor, I want to be able to easily check in and pay on time so that I don't miss out on any competitions.
2. As a competitor, I want to have easy access to all the rules/regulations and requirements of events so that I can participate in the ones for which I am eligible.
3. As a competitor, I want to be able to contact officials involved in competitions so that I can easily let them know if I am unable to attend/participate.
4. As a competition organizer, I want to have access to all the details about local events, delegates involved, and vendors so that I can easily organize competitions.
5. As a competition organizer, I want to be able to get in contact with my team so that I can avoid incidents due to miscommunication.
6. As a volunteer, I want to be able to easily change/switch my assigned role so that I can be a better help to the officials during the competitions.
7. As a vendor, I want to be able to get in contact with my customers so that I can update them on any changes in services on time.
8. As a vendor, I want to have access to information about current and future events so that I can help promote and provide marketing expertise.
9. As a WCA delegate, I want to have easy access to the app so that I can provide real-time updates on results and make any necessary changes in ongoing competitions.
10. As an admin, I want easy access to all the people attending the event so that I can let them know of important decisions in a timely manner.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Edwin Zhou

1. As a competitor I want to know when the schedule changes so I don't miss any events.
2. As an organizer I want to see which competitors are eligible for volunteering so I can acquire
more volunteers.
3. As an organizer I want to notify competitors of schedule changes so they show up in a timely
manner.
4. As an admin I want to block regular users from organizational tools so I can prevent
unauthorized changes in competitions.
5. As a spectator I want to watch the fastest competitors perform so I can stay updated with any
record breaking times.
6. As a competitor I want to communicate with organizers so I can notify them of any issues.
7. As an organizer I want to notify competitors that my event is available for registration so I can
advertise my competition.
8. As a competitor I want to know when nearby competitions occur so I don't miss the
registration period.
9. As a competitor I want to know what puzzles are for sale at the event so I can test and
purchase these puzzles.
10. As a competitor I want to be able to be able to notify everyone of a lost item so I can find it
more easily.
